They sent them across a subcommittee and investigated for months.
As a matter of general knowledge, also, that various people were suspended.
Yes, that's for months. I don't believe it. As a matter of general knowledge,
it's the reasons why those individuals were suspended.
Generally, if only one was suspended, you would not minimize the importance
and the result of that investigation. One would be one who many would not.
One certainly, one, a, a, a, supposedly person would be far too much.
I now turn the witness over to the chairman of the Public Library's examination.
Thank you, Council Jenkins and I may I say that you have progressively and successfully asked most of the questions that I had in mind.
I do have one or two. Did Mr. Carp at any time, General Weber, you just need with you in behalf of Mr. Shine.
Not with me personally. I mean with you personally. No, sir.
If it was my fault, I believe I don't want to get into the hairspray field, but I believe that there's a possibility of a farce to my state.
But to your personal knowledge, my personal knowledge, you do not call me.
The calls in were always made by Mr. Cohn and Senator McFariff.
That's correct. Do you know of your personal knowledge? The date that Mr. Shine was inducted into the Army.
Not the exact date, Mr. Chairman. I know of my personal knowledge that he was inducted fairly in November of 1953.
Richard, it's not me. Call. You're mentioning any telephone calls after about the end of July.
That is correct. I would not. I would not. I'm reason why the call starts at the end of July until the end of October.
Did you have a transfer when you still on the same position?
Between the end of July and the first of October, I remained as chief of legislative liaison.
I was actually assigned at the Office of Legislative Liaison during October.
But the last call that you received from either Senator McFariff or Mr. Cohn, on the Shine matter was approximately the last part of July. That is correct.
Just one final question I think in order to bring your testimony directly into the...
...perly of the hearings. Let me ask you the question first from the stand for Senator McFariff and then from the stand for Mr. Cohn.
I will not ask it from the stand for Mr. Cohn since he did not call you.
Did you consider any of the calls or conversations that you had with Senator McFariff?
To come under the heading of using improper means to induce or intimidate you to give Mr. Shine a commission?
No, sir. I was not intimidated or anything like that.
Let me ask you the same question concerning Mr. Cohn that you consider any of his calls or conversations.
It could be of a nature that comprises improper effort to induce or intimidate you to give Mr. Cohn a commission.
None of Mr. Cohn's calls to me were a backslash.
Under the rules of the committee, we're going to proceed with a maximum of 10 minutes without interruptions.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What does the matter have to do with Mr. Cohn?
Are not the terms to call calls to me were a backslash?
Under the rules of the subcommittee, each of the members of the committee and the council for the respectivized as a maximum of 10 minutes of questioning.
Mr. Carolyn Alphard and Senator McFariff.
General Rebo, your first contact with Senator McFariff is on July 8th that his request that which time you came to his office and was there informed of what his purpose was and the conference was.
Yes, Senator.
There was nothing unusual out of the ordinary in any respect that a senator might call you or call any of the representative of the Army or any of the branch of the service to ascertain if an applicant might receive a direct commission.
Nothing unusual, sir.
In other words, that is frequently done.
Yes, sir.
And they are frequently granted where the applicant can qualify.
That is correct.
Not so much so now as they were during World War II limits earlier.
They are quite limited in number now.
I believe is that correct?
Very limited. Direct commission to very limited.
Very limited.
Senator McFariff will only have with you some two or three more contacts and that was by telephone.
Did he and your presence are at any time that you learned from him?
That he had directed our instructed Mr. Cohn to pursue this matter with you.
During my first conversation with Senator McFariff and Mr. Cohn,
the senator requested me to keep Mr. Cohn fully posted on the progress of this case.
Then I interpreted that as being also instructions for Mr. Cohn to follow up with me.
Now then that is what I wanted to try to determine whether Mr. Cohn in his contacts with you and in his telephone call was acting in his individual capacity as a friend.
We will assume Mr. Shine or if he was acting as a member of the committee staff,
thus representing the committee or undertaking to represent the committee,
or was he acting as the personal representative of the chairman?
From your experience, from what occurred, please tell us how you so interpreted his contacts with you.
I interpreted his contacts with me as being the result of that conversation which I've just described in the presence of the senator.
In other words, that he was acting with the senators and structure.
He was acting under the instructions of Senator McFariff.
Did you understand that those instructions were to carry with it the force of the committee that the committee has such?
Was seeking the appointment for that it was simply senator McFariffy seeking the appointment for one of his staff members?
I felt that it was entirely a matter of Senator McFariffy and the committee did not enter specifically into the case this fall.
I wanted to get this record clear and since the first contact was made with you,
I wanted to get it in its proper perspective as to whether the committee was involved in seeking a direct commission from Mr. Shine,
or if this whole proceedings was one instituted by the chairman of the committee as a senator and in his individual rights to seek a commission for a member of his staff.
Is that the way you interpreted it?
I interpreted it as being a matter initiated by Senator McFariffy, so I know of no committee action as such.
You didn't admit that any time getting any impression that the committee was seeking such action?
No, sir. I cannot say that I didn't.
Nothing was said to you by either Senator McFariffy or Mr. Cohn to indicate that the committee had an special interest in it or was initiating the action.
No, Senator McFariff.
Now, I am a semifacalman from their own as I understand you, you interpreted his actions and his contacts with you as carrying out the instructions of Senator McFariffy.
Why did you interpret his actions as being out of his own personal interest?
I interpreted his actions both ways.
As being both, representing Senator McFariffy and of his own personal interest.
Yes, sir.
Did you interpret it as being of his own personal interest because of the language and conversations that he had with you about it?
No, sir. Not because of the language, but because of the frequency.
Because of the frequency, was there anything unusual about the frequency with which you was contacted that is out of the ordinary in cases of this character?
Yes, sir. I received a great money more for the calls than I normally did in similar cases that came through to the individual secretaries of members of Congress or through committee, individuals who are on committee staff.
Have you had calls yet or for?
No, I want to get an answer there.
Members of the committee staff, yet or for.
Call you with respect to direct or applications for direct commissions and interventions of the service.
I cannot recall any other.
I cannot recall exact instances, but I believe it's fair enough to say that I have received requests for that call.
That you have received requests, sir.
Ah, sir.
I just have a minute.
I used both five leaves and you want to give that impression.
I got that impression and I want you to clear it up if I'm an error.
You gave the impression that Mr. Scott, when he came down to the Pentagon to the purpose of holding up his hand and you asked him to do that.
You gave the impression that Mr. Scott was an application that he was reluctant to do it and left without sending it out in full.
So what did you give you?
All of the accurate information you needed to do.
Do you mean to leave that impression? Is that correct or am I an error?
The impression I intended to leave was kind of a car if he was.
I mean, excuse me, kind of a problem with this.
That Mr. Shawn felt when he came to the Pentagon building that his business of filling out applications
and going through a routine processing was of no real importance.
In other words, did he give the same time as he was?
Was any written memorandum exchanged on this matter at any time?
I noticed it all these where telephone conversations or personal conversations.
Is there any data, letters written memorandum covering this matter that was then occupied your attention in July of 1953?
No written matters by me, Senator Dersian, except a brief pencil series of notes, which I made when I first went to the McCarthy's office.
And then, of course, the biographical sketch, which Mr. Cohen sent me on the morning of 9 July.
And then, actually, the actual processing of the application was all enlightening and with the proper forwarding data throughout the official challenges department of the Army et cetera.
That is all in right.
We call anybody else besides the Senator or Mr. Cohen who discussed this matter with you by that I mean members of the Committee staff.
No, sir.
It's a part you recall only the Senator and Mr. Cohen discussed this with you.
Oh, yes, Senator Dersian.
And one other question, was all this conversation carried on in good temper and with restraint?
Yes, in silence.
That's all.
Senator Jackson, what's the general measure?
Follow-on-on.
Question, that you were answering in response to Senator McCollum's question at the conclusion of his interrogation.
What was the reaction of Mr. Shine to fulfilling out of the forms?
The Jew was he reluctant to fill it out or he wanted to fill it out that day and be sworn in.
I didn't quite get the import of your testimony.
He, of that, Lee, understands an opinion solely.
He, of that, himself, that the business is filling out forms and going through with the processing was an unnecessary routine step.
Did he take the form within then?
No, he left the form with us the first time.
What is on his planet that he fill out in higher form?
He filled out a large, considerable portion of it.
However, he left gaps in the form.
What gaps?
The only one that I remember distinctly now was the gaps in turning as the service with the Army Transport Service.
When did you learn of the Committee investigation at Fort Mama?
When did that start?
Your knowledge, if you know.
In September of 1953.
In September of October of 1954, not exactly certain.
When it was September of 1953.
Did you know of an investigation going on at Fort Mama's by the Committee at the time of the conversations that you had with the various people in connection with this application for a commission by Mr. Shine?
There was no investigation to my knowledge showing on that talk.
From the fire of the mission.
General Reber, how long did you serve as Chief of the Layers on Division for the Army of the Capitol Hill?
I served as Chief of the Senate of Fire for three years and more months.
I served as Deputy for approximately seven years prior that.
So you've been here about ten years in the Layers on Division, is that correct?
Yes sir.
In your tell of the Committee.
Approximately how many members of Congress have asked, made similar requests for commissions for persons either constituents or friends that they might have?
Senator, Senator Potter, I couldn't possibly estimate the total number of cases that I've been asked to look into with reference to things like the mission in the past ten years.
It would be just a very rough sketch.
But it was a sizable number.
It was a sizable number.
It was a part of the...
Your duty is in responsible days to service that request.
I know requests are not... are not in proper.
Well, if I remember, some reports from a citizen in the hometown or a parent.
All the individuals themselves are that correct.
That's correct.
I'll get in a reber.
I... I'll bring you a cut down this question.
But...
Not that you've stated that...
That neither Senator McCartney or Mr. Cole intimidated you or threatened you in any way.
That's correct, Senator Potter.
Neither by words or by actions.
That is correct.
You stated, however, that the frequency of Mr. Cole and Saul.
You felt was unusual prior to that.
I do, sir. I've based that on my ten years of experience.
It was... it wasn't the normal.
It was more than normal, actually.
It was more than normal.
Did you report this actually to any superior officer or one of the officers of the secretary of the Army?
I reported the request for a commission as I stated to both General Hall and to the secretary of the Army.
I made no report on the number of telephone calls or breaks things like that.
That's something that I personally was responsible for.
General River isn't a normal procedure for a person who is seeking a commission.
So, if you appear before a board of officers, that is correct.
Did Mr. Shines appear before such a board?
He appeared before a board of officers in New York.
He did not appear before a board of officers here in Washington because, as I understand it,
there was no necessity for a fairing for that board because he did not possess the necessary qualifications of experience and background of big commission here in Washington.
In other words, he was deemed ineligible because of lack of qualifications without the excessive form of a board.
That is correct, General.
I think it might be well if you would explain to the committee,
the body of the United States Army Transportation Service.
Is that a part of our military branch?
Yes, sir. That is one of the seven technical services of the Department of the Army
that is charged with the mission of providing the necessary transportation of all times that the Army needs conduct its missions both in peace and work time.
Of course, acquiring the necessary supplies and attrarying the necessary personnel and carrying on the necessary research and development in the transportation fee.
Did Mr. Shines serve as a military man?
I didn't quite understand the question.
Did Mr. Shines, when he served as a understand with the United States Army Transportation Service, did he serve as a military man?
No, sir. He did not. He was not in the Army.
And that was one of the bases for which he wasn't qualified for commission, is that correct?
I believe that the basis was more that he was not, what I would call a junior ship officer.
In other words, a ship officer who has drawn through the necessary schooling to permit him to navigate ships.
I believe that was yet unnotable. Exporter not failed, sir.
Fireback, please. That's my understanding.
Thank you. That's all I'm sure.
The Federal Assignments in the Missouri.
General Reba, do I understand from you, sir, that all possible steps you knew of were taken in an effort to get Mr. Shines in a commission?
All possible steps that I knew of, yes, sir.
My second question. You know on what date before my investigation started, I don't know the exact answer.
Will you submit that for the record? I start me shouting. I have no further questions.
Yes.
Point of order. General Reba cannot submit that day. If the only man that can submit that day is the chairman of the committee myself.
That will be glad to submit that day. We did not inform General Reba from that investigation started.
General Reba may do his best in the chairman of Mr. Midhysi. I hope they judge.
I'll let him in. Let him in. Let him in. Let him in. Let him in. Let him in.
Mr. Chairman, may I ask that my authority, but he will submit that day to the committee.
If the central head done with the committee will turn, you would know the date.
The candidate is the voice act of item.
I would like to say one thing on that. I'm not sure.
Are you in any new questions?
You have time. I'm going to be.
I'm at the right.
General Reba may be talking.
Senator, voice act of item. General Reba, your best and only indicates the two next four of possibilities available to you in an effort to get favorable action on the application of Mr. Shire.
That still is intact in my test monitor.
Would you be a guilty agent in other cases with our applications for a commission in which you knew there was an interest on a part of the member of the party?
Yes, sir. I think I would. I don't believe Frank Bay that I would have moved by this fact.
First, I was saying great, but it's all about me.
I don't require any particular interest, but I have a plan that during my congressional service and trying to get a commission for something that you would have planned.
It would appear to me that our usage has become very diligent in your efforts to be accommodating in my favor at least to get favorable action on this particular application.
I tried to process the thing as rapidly as I possibly could under the then current regulations of the party on.
You can further see the various services and explored all possible approaches in order to get some action on this commission.
I did it about my following.
That's all.
Under the rules established by the committee after the committee members have each asked the questions that they carried out of a 10-minute rule, counsel for each side of the dispute.
May I have 10 minutes to interrogate the witness?
Insofar as the chairman is able to determine when the witness appears to be a witness supporting the position of Mr. Steves and Tensville and Adams.
We will ask the counsel for the army to proceed first.
And whenever the witness appears to be somebody supporting the position of Senator McCarthy and the two associates, we shall ask them to proceed first.
Mr. Welch or Mr. Sinclair or both you have 10 minutes between you.
I think Mr. Chairman, I have about three questions for the general.
Mr. Welch, we can't hear you. We'll have to get some microphones.
I hope I will become a minister.
You'll have to speak in the same microphone so you'll have to kind of huddle together.
Mr. Welch, let us now try a test remark. Am I doing all right?
Very hard to hear if you could put on your hands.
I must have a soft voice. Well, I do now.
General Reva, I think I have three questions to ask you.
Are you acutely aware of Mr. Cohn's position as counsel for this committee and the course of your conversations and contacts with him?
I wish Mr. Welch.
Did that position occupied by Mr. Cohn increase or diminish the interest with which you pursued the problem?
The best of my ability, I feel it at increased speed.
And one more question, sir.
Disregarding the word improper, influence or pressure.
Do you recall any instance comparable to this in which you were put under greater pressure?
The best of my recollection, I recall of no instance under which I was put under greater pressure.
That's all.
Senator McCarthy or Mr. Cohn, or both you have ten minutes to come.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Cohn, I don't really know what you're going to ask you.
The son of hers, I don't want to embarrass them because I think they're accustomed to their magic.
It's a big of proper motives.
But roughly how many requests have you received from this committee?
I've been assigned for assignments or information as to the rights of men in the military.
The United States, I don't want you to name the censor, but it's roughly how many else?
Yes, sir.
Senator, may I insist that you name the Senate?
The Elton number.
May it not be embarrassing to the senator for Mark himself?
Yes, sir.
I hope the citizens tell me in just a minute.
Mr. Cohn, I hope this is not shown against my ten minutes.
If the senator has won't have the senator's name, they can ask other names.
I will not ask other names.
I merely want to get the general picture.
If I thought there had been improper conduct in the part of the members of this committee, I would ask they be named.
No indication of the wrongs or any improper conduct.
I'm just trying to get the general picture.
Do you have my question?
Question of many times that members of this committee.
Requested information between you and how to process an application for a commission.
How to process, for example, a friendship release.
What you would call consideration for a man in the military.
The senator, I would like to be able to answer that question specifically.
I will have to answer it this way.
I got approximately a thousand cases in my office a week.
Over ten years, that's a lot of cases.
I know that I received many, many requests for information of all kinds from members of this subcommittee.
In some cases, you were successful.
Were there requests for a commission in having the case process so the commission is granted.
That is correct.
In this case of private shine, you're still a private, you are not successful, right?
I was not successful, sir.
Now, I wonder if the report here would read back the first question asked of General Reiber.
I think you want to correct his answer.
The first question asked by Council Jenkins.
It's the very first question.
Will you be able to pass it?
If not, I think I can repeat that.
He's a graduate of the Council said in this time.
Let me see if I can take the time of the report.
Mr. Reiber, you said that as of July, you're appointed with Mr. Carr, Mr. Cohn and with her.
I would like to refresh your recollection.
On July 8th, Mr. Carr was not with the committee, Mr. Carr was handed the FBI subversive group in New York.
That's the correct title for the party.
Did you know him when he was said of that FBI subversive group in New York?
I did not, sir.
You did not.
So then you were mistaken. You said you knew what your current is.
I was mistaken in that respect, yes, sir. I admit that crime.
Actually, the first time Mr. Carr was in September when you occurred to the witness before this committee, is that not correct?
That is correct.
So that you did not know him until September when you occurred to the witness before this committee?
I believe I'm sure I received telephone calls from the fire in that state center, but I do not know the date of those calls.
About the very request from the committee.
Anything you have to do with Mr. Shrine?
No.
Nothing improper about the request.
We are not requesting this information.
Requests for information for the committee.
You admit that the statement that you saw that Mr. Carr had come back to someone with your staff.
Now that you know that about Mr. Shrine, now that you know Mr. Carr was not with the committee on July 8th,
came with the committee something after that.
The still-side of Mr. Carr contacted members of your staff and its soul, and went to know about what your base left.
I base that statement on a member random, which is in the files of my office.
And the other member with you?
I do not, but I can produce it, sir.
Who's the member of the maid by?
The fact that I'm an F.J. Femmon, I believe.
Now, you said that you thought that Mr. Carr had used up to get your words,
pressure, or something that affect because the number of calls, but they asked you this for getting them at the number of calls.
Well, is there anything anyone in the visual call, which was different from the calls that you got normal like in the hill?
From the members of the staff of the various centers of the committee.
To be absolutely fine, sir, I believe there was this difference.
A large number of the calls that I get, or got from the hill, nearly requested information.
These specific calls were impressing me with the necessity for speed and for favorable action.
But it was that difference.
Did you ever get any requests before for favorable action?
I did.
You did.
So, there's very different from Mr. Cohn's request and the other request you got?
There was no difference between Mr. Cohn's request and the other request of the type.
That type, there are two mentioned.
However, those, that type of request was only a very small part of the total number of requests that I received.
Then we get down to the number of calls Mr. Cohn has made.
He will question you about the number of calls.
You see the number of calls.
I asked you what was the power for the calls.
What are the average number of calls you received?
Then you won't be successful.
I'll try to answer that question as it's about my brother.
So, I don't understand.
But, I think you mean how many calls would I get in an average case?
I would say, are there any case of a commission?
I would probably not get more than four of five calls,
unless they were tremendous interest in that particular commission.
In any case, the time has to vary.
We will go around on the table again and we'll come back to you and Mr. Cohn's request.
Does the council have further questions to ask us?
Yes, I think if proper to ask this question, I do not believe it has been asked.
Does the army have and did it have as of 1953 priorities?
An agency set up for the purpose of investigating the infiltration of Communists in the army?
Absolutely, it's a question.